Add advanced settings instructions (#5752)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/oidc-idp.md

You can now manage your organization's user permissions entirely from the IdP
application.

## Advanced Settings

> You can configure customize IdP specific behaviors in the **Advanced Settings** of the OIDC configuration form. The following options are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure custom IdP-specific behaviors in the **Advanced Settings** of the OIDC configuration form. The following options are available:
```

> 1. Scopes - Scopes allow you to specify the list of scopes Konnect will request from the IdP. By default, we request the `openid`, `email` and `profile` scopes. The `openid` scope is required and cannot be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Scopes**: Specify the list of scopes {{site.konnect_short_name}} requests from the IdP. By default, {{site.konnect_short_name}} requests the `openid`, `email`, and `profile` scopes. The `openid` scope is required and cannot be removed.
```

> 2. Claim Mappings - Claim mappings allows you to customize the mapping of required attributes to different claim in the id_token we receive from the IdP. By default, Konnect requires three attributes: Name, Email and Groups, which are mapped as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Claim Mappings**: Customize the mapping of required attributes to a different claim in the `id_token` {{site.konnect_short_name}} receives from the IdP. By default, {{site.konnect_short_name}} requires three attributes: Name, Email, and Groups. The values in these attributes are mapped as follows:
```

>     - Name from `name` - used as the Konnect accounts `full_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `name`: Used as the {{site.konnect_short_name}} account's `full_name`.
```
I'd say that repeating the value is redundant here.

>     - Email from `email` - used as the Konnect account's `email`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `email`: Used as the {{site.konnect_short_name}} account's `email`.
```

>     - Groups from `groups` - used to map users to teams defined in the team mappings upon login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `groups`: Used to map users to teams defined in the team mappings upon login.
```
